doc: add ceph-volume inventory sections (#25092)
ceph/ceph: doc/ceph-volume/inventory.rst

.. _ceph-volume-lvm-inventory:

``inventory``
=============

> The ``inventory`` subcommand queries a hosts disc inventory and provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``inventory`` subcommand queries disc inventory from a host, and provides
```

> hardware information and metadata on every physical device.

Reviewer: I would've thought that hardware information was the same as the metadata provided from the devices, what is the difference you see to mention both?

Author: It also reports logical volumes, which are not really hardware related.

> By default the command returns a short, human-readable report of all physical disks.

Reviewer: This could all be one sentence, since they are talking about the report from devices that is human-readable:

```suggestion
By default the command returns a short, human-readable report of all physical disks, but can accept a device path for more extensive information.
```

A device path can be specified to report extensive information on a device in a
human-readable format.

For programmatic consumption of this report pass ``--format json`` to generate a
JSON formatted report. This report includes extensive information on the

> physical drives like disk metadata (such as Model, size a.o.), logical volumes

Reviewer: I am not sure what `a.o.` is here
